[cloud-provider-gcp] Add information about load balancers to the docs (#3638)
deckhouse/deckhouse: modules/402-ingress-nginx/docs/EXAMPLES.md

  inlet: "LoadBalancer"
```

> **ATTENTION!** In **GCP**, nodes must have an annotation allowing them to accept connections to external addresses for services with the NodePort type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**CAUTION!** In **GCP**, nodes must have an annotation enabling them to accept connections to external addresses for the NodePort type services.
```
